Ah hello hello
Come, please sit down and drink
The project has been finalized
Earthwork can also be done
What about the decoration?
Don't worry.
What do you think?
Is it okay?
I think so.
Oh, my brother's question is simply in my heart, hahaha, okay.
That's the deal.
I'll go back to the company and give you your contract
Xiaoli
Treat Mr. Gao well
Don't be polite.
Don't worry, hahaha.
Mr. Gao, go out for a walk
Hahaha
It's not good for Mr. Gao to drive himself, right?
Hahaha, there is actually something wrong, haha.
Mr. Gao
Your tie is crooked
Let me help you sort it out.
Ok haha
Okay, Miss An, let's have dinner together
Certainly.
Let's go hahaha
Hello husband, when will you be home for dinner?